I look like Aaron Pipe with my hair like that's how I do it.
Shut your mouth.
I don't look more like with this baldness,
the cigarette, the mouth of any junkie in
my neighborhood, Sant. All I'm missing is a
fake Adidas tracksuit and a chocolate palm tree
and to put on "park the car that
passes by." My kids. If there's someone who
strives every week so that we don't
lack the salsa dancer to never leave us
without controversy, it's in life. Do you remember
that fantastic and great list of
youtubers that the blond made to
summon them all to his
formula tournament and well, I think Darla has
seven like that and every day she crosses them off one
by one as if it were
Schindler's list as if she were eating the
ambient chocolate bar or one by one and
something every week or something
like that will bring us a controversy with some
youtuber that catches us by surprise and what
happens to the corpses, the PSE or when
Dallas does this first
of all and before continuing with the
online video, live, well, line or
subscribe  in this video i'm going to ask
everyone who comes to
subscribe or like sanse or don't like it
but I want you to subscribe there because I
want subscribers but I'm going to play it I'm
going to play it well played
so you can see if I'm brave I already
have enough with the shave that I've
done but also in this video I'm
going to jump into the river I'm going to play it
cool pay attention to what i'm going to ask for I'm
going to ask for a like if you support give my
like if you support ibai in this battle
be very careful I'm not
asking stop fanaticism we
believe that there are better ones to follow more
than we like more like if you support in
this fight in this discussion
abdalá and dislike if you are in this
discussion in favor of ebay ebay not ebay
is where things are bought online
ibai we're going to talk in today's video
about this salcedo from the video that threw it
dallas there is a video that has generated
a lot of controversy a lot of controversy
especially on twitter at the moment in which i
'm recording this video
dallas the word in tables and the word
and vice have been trending for 24 hours
since last night and also
trending very high let's say dallas
is number one
and this time with ebay and bay they are
number 2 in trending notice that these
days all the trending topics have been
against the government and we have gone from
that to all the trending topics being
to contract darla sincerely and it is
obstruct I am going to analyze them in the
secondary channel live the majority of
tweets are insulting dallas although it is already
known and it is a fact that I get along
well with dallas and that they do not make me
thank all the people who
surround this and vice the little group this ideal
is the capo felipe is 360 not even
between 60 or 370 another 80 have been made I am
going to analyze as objectively as
possible what this
discussion between dallas and ibai is although
well opinions are always
subjective but in this case I am going to
try to be as objective as possible and
more realistic I also tell you the tweets
of concord and for those who are
angry with ibai are the following
we have tweets making fun of dallas
blocking people or trying to get
attention always on twitter
we have a tweet laughing about having
his channel closed joking about it
joking I was going to go with that dallas
blocks him the other tweet laughing that he
possibly goes to jail well
there are people saying that not so
much that they are simple jokes and let's see me
being totally honest okay
based solely on these tweets
that dallas contributes to the video he says that there are
more clicks he has been able to recover
some because in the tweet he doesn't name him and
some also because he has already deleted them
but dallas says that there are more tweets we
simply cannot play it because we are not
going to see them but based on these
tweets in the video
I cannot consider or affirm that
ebay behaves like a stalker or
like an obsessive as he has put in the
thumbnail I believe that a stalker a
stalking person is something that goes much
further people  He uses it very
lightly but it seems more
serious to me, it's not a person who harasses you, it's
a person who doesn't let you live your life
normally, who watches you in your
daily life, in your intimate life, who calls you on the
phone, who watches where you go,
where you come from, practically for me
harassment would be something more obsessive it would be
someone who doesn't let you carry out the
functions of your life normally, a
person who comments on your moves, who
comments on your stories when they go
viral, well I don't consider them harassment, I
consider them to be part of the job a
little bit and an obsessed person is nothing further
from reality because we are seeing that there is
another better level that I had a
good dick in
an obsessed person is not worth it either, I am an
obsessed person who goes against her, I would
see her in other people like
Felipe 360 ​​for example, yes I see him a little more
obsessed because every moment I see him
throwing [ __ ] [ __ ] at him, retweeting things
against Dallas, to Pod in Kill who has already
talked about him many times on this channel and
in every secondary but there he goes and he doesn't
see it as a person  obsessed with dallas
let's just honestly give ibai a damn
this video has
helped her so much that let's just say he's so
pleased with chile with his 50 thousand
viewers spending three kilos of whatever you
put on it dallas i don't even think that
kid has something personal
against dallas what i see is a
guy who as if to be funny as
at that time it was valid to say
give it whatever and it was the fashion and
everyone approved of it so to get on
the bandwagon a little bit he
started making fun of
dallas to simply join the
horde now when people say
like the eight seeing on twitter that those
tweets aren't that big of a deal that they aren't going to
get like that well of course I mean they're not that big of a deal
compared to what was
said give it to the no expensive as dallas
have ready much higher he's
used to us calling him a pedophile
or a dog abuser so of course
these things
with those seem like [ __ ] no I mean they're
not important to me that  It seems to me
a bit like throwing the stone and hiding the
hand. It catches my attention what happens
with some of these influences and I
put them in the same bag because from what I've
been seeing in the trending topics,
this man was going to go, he has a very
similar background to what was also the
funk where deal and mario do not
remember and but it was a fandom that cat
is not supporting their idol in the
battle or in this specific discussion
because of the arguments they handle or the
truth of what is happening but
simply because they have the pressure
and when one of these messes with
dallas it is considered a
joke because it is valid because dallas is
a meme but nevertheless when he gives the
answer it is that dallas is a toxic person who
messes with everyone and who goes
looking for controversy because he is
getting visits please in this
case
ibai is the one who shoots first, okay, he
is not a stalker or obsessed as
dallas has put it in this video but
that he does not sanctify him either, it does not seem
very good to me that you fall for him  mother the
kid that makes you thanks to the things he
puts on twitter that you like how he
does his character work but [ __ ]
that does not mean that here the kid
is untouchable, not to
criticize him that he is a [ __ ] saint for a long
time to pay in reference to what
I do on my channel when I want to
make a criticism and judge someone give my
opinion on something what I always try to do
is put myself in the place of the
person I am going to talk to put myself in
their role to put myself in their skin to
see how I would react with what has
happened let's see separately what
the tweets are with the
writers would have attacked Dallas they
destroy him those who make humor with stays
blocks her a lot there is no bad thing that he
has to eat it and that's it he never
understood this joke of messing with
Dallas and this has always been done a lot by
the people who are against it is to
criticize him and mess with him a lot
because he blocks a lot that two
blocked what is blocked blocked blocked blocked blocked blocked
blocked this is that I imagine that
everyone I  at least I do it
when someone comes to touch your
dick or someone who tells you something
you don't like that they don't want them to see your
interactions your block that's what
the tool is for in twister
not to block whoever you want
and like everyone used
the meme that dallas blocks a lot like
that was something funny and now it
makes me laugh because the people on the other
side, that is, the allies is this
in aracne I don't know if the snow mother
also does it the current one was like that
now they are the ones who block
everyone the most I mean they even have
like a tool a
crohn's extension installed to block everyone who
follows accounts that they don't
like like for example to block
everyone who follows sabi oliveira or
to block everyone who follows
dallas to block everyone who
follows being a political party also be
very careful that it is their right
for everyone to do with their social networks
what they want but what I
find curious is that at the time
everyone was like a meme like watch out
dallas  the famous one because he blocks or if the
tool will have been put only to the
psoe the tweet in which he laughs at darla
because he accuses him of wanting to call
attention to the manuel bartual thing that I don't
know if you remember that it was a case like a
comic that a writer put together on
twitter that went very viral and
dallas was there getting involved not
trying pim pam pum that also
seems like [ __ ] to me things and darla
is getting involved there against manuel vaart or
something everyone can have their opinion whatever they want no that
only buy now well now
the other tweets that are left I do
see them more screwed up no matter how much they
want to hear it in humor like all of
you who have followed me for a long time
remember the year
for six or seven days but I had by
mistake he closed my two channels I think it
comes to my mind that it has been one of the
worst things that has happened to me in
life be it a channel on youtube a job
of many years something that you are
very fond of as if it were part
of your family or part of you I really
had a very very bad time  when I saw that they had
closed both my
YouTube channels being here
haha
[Music]
today for something
something is worth it
personally but it's that we had a bad time
if during those days I happened to
find a tweet from anyone whoever
making fun of them having
closed my channels sincerely I
would have remembered his entire family at
that moment don't be hypocrites
please if you're going to tell me that you don't have the
same opinion as me on this I refuse to
believe it I think you're being
hypocrites and that you're not the reality
that they close the channels of any
YouTuber no matter how much you dislike them unless they're
a criminal I don't think it's a
reason for anyone to be happy and the
famous ones let's now change
roles let's put ourselves in the situation that there
's dancing they close their
twitter account I hope it's not but let's imagine
that they close their twitter account their
twitter account and their youtube channel
and that it's Dallas the one who puts a tweet
making fun of the fact that they
closed his accounts to ibai me  are you going
to say that everyone who is watching
this video would say and that it is a joke that it
is humor that it is a meme and [ __ ] it
not even kidding or even kidding dividing that
we would be loading into all the
traps right telling him what a disgusting
guy how can he make fun of
something like that and I say it so
clearly let's go
in my case if at the moment that they
closed my channels with how bad I
was having it that I had six days without
sleep that for me remains I find myself
in tweets of any [ __ ]
making fun of me I remember his entire family
and more if well already about this twitter let's not even
talk about it here we find that he
is making jokes about a situation
in the life of Dallas that we are even
worse of retention in the channels maybe
a situation in which they were unfairly judging him
for sexual harassment of minors
touch you support him they were asking for
five years for the kid for all the
[ __ ] face or so imagine
any of you that suddenly they
accuse us of that and you see that you are going to
sit in the dock for something like that
being totally innocent without exaggerating
or is it not because now god has me on
good terms with this kid or anything
further from the truth but damn if he's more
sincere anyone in that situation would have
an anxiety attack what are
we talking about and now we have
an [ __ ] here assuming that they're going to
put me in jail and on top of that with
jokes it's that if I block
we're going to be clear in those two tweets and it's going
to go they go over the line or put it as you
put it or
the best in the world could fall I may seem very
endearing and that he has done
charitable work for a long time but we can't deny that those
two tweets go way over the line
and that they are going to do harm I do not
agree with a large part of the video that
Dallas made I do not think, let's go by any means that he was
going and owes his fame to the
handful of you and that he could have done
against Dallas no way or anything or that is my
personal opinion and this is my
personal opinion it is that he owes his success to how
well he does his job, luck
also in part and also in part to the
group of friends that he has with the people
with  that surrounds himself I do not consider him to be
obsessed I have already said nor a stalker I have
done I do not even believe that he is a bad
person I have said that he does many
charitable things and that he does good works I have
seen that generally he is dedicated to
doing fun things on the internet but I
see it as totally valid and I think that Dallas
is in his total right to respond to him of
course perhaps I would have
done it more at the time now perhaps
the subject is a little over the top but the
deserved response is how things are it makes
me very angry the fact that it seems that there is
a group of influence that are
like untouchable and what I was saying
before that they can throw the
stone but then they hide their hand if they
say something to you it's a joke but
I
don't mess with anyone and then if you
respond to them no longer that you respond but
because as simply you are exposed to
as public figures that they are to be
criticized to be asked for some
contradiction to simply not
liking you and that you cannot criticize them
or say anything to them because no because they
are also untouchable or more happen and
on many occasions when I give my opinion of  lm
from ale el capo's show and some others
are anti, I mean I think that everyone here
sometimes we screw up we
fall into hypocrisy and as
public figures that we are we are exposed to
criticism, I mean always from
not crossing the line and here what I
see is basically that at the time
nobody said anything to ibai for making
those criticisms or those statements to
dallas and now the thing has been unleashed
with him and he has responded to him for a video
everyone is saying that he is
toxic who is looking for a fight with
everyone who wants to get views
look I'm going to be honest I will make a
video for whoever it is and the one who gives me all the
balls if any youtuber comes to me
and says you and I make a video or
send me a live extract where he
is making fun of me possible I have to
dedicate a 20 minute video let's say that
in fact I do it
in fact making a 20
minute video of 4 tweets I consider it art
and everything that you have come up with this  at the
time of the video well surely you
think like me and you are grateful
that this type of salt passes you do not
be hypocrites I curse the [ __ ] who does not want to be involved with a fight who does not want to be involved with controversy that nobody makes a 20 minute video that nobody mentions him and that everything is a rainbow world and you let him not get into controversy that you do not
write your tweets and that you do not have
pugliani live or on twitter or on
youtube anywhere if you make
noise jokes and things then the other
is in his right to respond that
some may think that
dallas' response is disproportionate that it comes
too late that I was going and he does not deserve me to
tell him those things put yourself in his
place just do it like that put yourself in his
place let's see how you would feel if
someone laughed that you could go to
jail put yourself in the place let's
see how you feel and nothing guys until
here today's video the water a lot
I know that this video is going to have many
dislikes I know that this video is going  to have
a lot of dislikes without even
people having reached the end of the
video and I know that this video is going to have a
lot of toxic comments from the fan
wherever you live telling me that I'm the
mascot that
in [ __ ] that I am I don't know what it is
simply for giving my opinion and giving you what I
really think but the truth
is what there is okay I would also make
a video to anyone who put
these types of tweets to me in fact I have done it on
my secondary channel and I would be falling into
hypocrisy like that now
I simply said that you were a saint that you cannot
respond to because you are untouchable which
seems like [ __ ] to me in fact you
can respond and okay you can
respond to anyone and I insist I do not
consider myself obsessed or a
stalker or anything like that but I
easily understand Dallas's anger,
for example, if ibai came and
apologized to the hey look at the this comes out
very simple forgive me for that is
sad I put I got on the joke that
everyone was making excuse me I was wrong  I
thought you were a bad person, I deleted
the tweets and I hope my apology is
there and then an apology
attacking the language follows and if I could be
against Dallas so I would not give my opinion
in favor of Dallas because it would seem
terrible to me not to sit down with the apology of one
when two days ago the sixth the
apologies to the stalker of two that one
seems to me to be a very
careful stalker but oh well the kids that we will
see the next video made a
mistake a lot until then
ah